# Pandas School Performance Analysis

In this project, Pandas and Jupyter Notebook are used to analyze school and standardized test data to showcase obvious trends in school performance by calculating and aggregating the data into key metrics using DataFrames.

## Outline

This project includes the following attributes:

   * District Summary: A high-level snapshot of the district's key metrics in a DataFrame.
   * School Summary: A DataFrame that summarizes key metrics about each school.
   * Highest-Performing Schools (by % Overall Passing): A display of the top 5 schools based on % Overall Passing.
   * Bottom-Performing Schools (by % Overall Passing): A display of the bottom 5 schools based on % Overall Passing.
   * Math Scores by Grade: A DataFrame that lists the average math score for students of each grade level at each school.
   * Reading Scores by Grade: A DataFrame that lists the average reading score for students of each grade level at each school.
   * Scores by School Spending: A DataFrame that breaks down school performance based on average spending ranges (per student).
   * Scores by School Size: A DataFrame that breaks down school performance based on school size.
   * Scores by School Type: A DataFrame that shows school performance based on the school type.
   
## Analysis

The final output is a Jupyter notebook that can be found in the PyCitySchools folder. This folder also contains the CSV files used for the project. The written_report.txt file gives an analysis of the overall findings.

## References

Data generated by [Mockaroo, LLC](https://mockaroo.com/ "Mockaroo, LLC"), (2022). Realistic Data Generator.
